---
layout: post
title: Milestone 2
---

{% include M2Q2.html %}

### Question 2

{% include M2Q2.2.html %}
{% include M2Q2.3.html %}

### Question 3

{% include M2Q2.4.html %}

# **3. Baseline Models (15%)**

### Question 1

We have trained the Logistic Regression model with default settings and after looking at the predictions we see that there are no predictions for goals. This can be due to a huge difference in the number of goals and no goals.

### Question 3 and 4

In the ROC-AUC Curve, we see that the models trained on “Distance” and “Distance and Angle” have the same behavior and are away from the baseline whereas the model trained on “Angle” is closer to baseline which proves that it's not a good feature to predict the goal.

In the Goal Rate curve, we see that models trained on “Distance” and “Distance and Angle” have a decrease in the goal rate as the shot probability model percentile decreases. Though it's not linear we can still see an overall decrease whereas the model trained on “Angle” has a varied goal rate for shot probability model percentile. It's not able to predict the correct goal rate based on the shot probability model percentile.

In the Cumulative percentage of goals curve, we can see that the models trained on “Distance” and “Distance and Angle” have a gradual increase in the proportions percentage of goal with the decrease of the shot probability model percentile. This shows with a high shot probability model percentile the number of goals per shot is low.

In the Reliability curve, we see that the model trained on “Distance” and “Distance and Angle” are near to the perfectly calibrated line but still not perfect as it has lots of variations. But for the model trained on ‘Angle’ even though it lies on the perfectly collaborated line it has a single mean predicted probability.
{% include M1Q3img1.png %}
